Change the definition of acme_issuer to be the URL to the ACME directory (#83)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-acme-openid-federation: draft-demarco-acme-openid-federation.md

### Issuer Metadata

The Issuer MUST publish its Entity Configuration including the `acme_issuer`

> metadata within it. The `acme_issuer` is the URL of the ACME

Reviewer: I think the metadata under our entity type identifier ought to be a JSON object, and not just a bare string. See https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0-42.html#section-3-6.14.1. The description of metadata policies also assumes that there is a second layer of objects, see https://openid.net/specs/openid-federation-1_0-42.html#section-6.1.2-2.2.2. This would also allow for future extensibility.

Author: See what you think of https://github.com/peppelinux/draft-demarco-acme-openid-federation/pull/83/commits/30ca7267a196bef8b7f83443f32c09048a2b1da6.

### Issuer Metadata

The Issuer MUST publish its Entity Configuration including the `acme_issuer`

> Entity Type metadata within it. The `acme_issuer` object contains a policy,

Reviewer: Judging by other definitions of entity types, I think we should say "parameter" instead of "policy".
```suggestion
Entity Type metadata within it. The `acme_issuer` metadata contains one parameter,
```

    ]
  },
  "metadata": {

>     "acme_issuer": "https://issuer.example.com/acme/directory"

Reviewer: Per above:
```suggestion
    "acme_issuer": {
      "directory_url": "https://issuer.example.com/acme/directory"
    }
```
